Initial Feedback (#1)
uniswapfoundation/v4-doc-drafts: reference-library/IPoolManager.md

Reviewer: can we document the structs too. ModifyLiquidityParams and SwapParams

---

will be important to document that a negative liquidityDelta is a remove, and a negative amountSpecified is an exact-input swap

# IPoolManager

> The `IPoolManager` interface defines the main methods for interacting with the Uniswap V4 pool manager contract. It exposes the core liquidity management and swap functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IPoolManager` interface defines the main methods for interacting with the Uniswap V4 pool manager contract. It exposes the core _swap lifecycle_ operations
```

## Methods

### initialize

```solidity
function initialize(PoolKey memory key, uint160 sqrtPriceX96, bytes calldata hookData)
    external
    returns (int24 tick);
```

> Initializes the state for a given pool ID with the specified parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize a new pool by defining its parameters: token pair, fee tier, tick spacing, hook contract, and starting price
```

| key           | PoolKey   | The key defining the pool to initialize          |
| sqrtPriceX96  | uint160   | The initial sqrt price of the pool as a Q64.96 value |
| hookData      | bytes     | Any additional data to pass to our hook contract on the before/after initialization hooks    |

Returns the initial tick value of the pool.

### unlock

```solidity
function unlock(bytes calldata data) external returns (bytes memory);
```

Provides a single entry point for all pool operations. The provided data is passed to the callback for execution.

| Param Name | Type  | Description                                                                         |
|------------|-------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| data       | bytes | Any data to pass to the callback via `IUnlockCallback(msg.sender).unlockCallback(data)` |

Returns the data returned by the callback.

### modifyLiquidity

```solidity
function modifyLiquidity(
    PoolKey memory key,
    ModifyLiquidityParams memory params,
    bytes calldata hookData
) external returns (BalanceDelta, BalanceDelta);
```

> Modifies the liquidity for the given pool. Can be used to add, remove, or update a liquidity position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifies the liquidity for the given pool. Can be used to add or remove liquidity, or collect fees

> passing zero will collect fees for the given tick range
```
